Updated dev docs for new docker-compose.build.yml (#55)
iver-wharf/iver-wharf.github.io: docs/development/hot-reloading-web.md

> and hit save, after a short moment the web page will reload and your added
> HTML tag is visable instantly.

> In our `docker-compose.override.yml`/`docker-compose.build.yml` file to run
> Wharf locally with we've disabled the `web` service by default because we
> developers find ourselves usually editing the frontend and backend from
> time to time.

Reviewer: I find the grammar and language a bit off in this section. How about something like this?
```suggestion
In our local docker config: `docker-compose.override.yml` & `docker-compose.build.yml` we have disabled the `web` service by default because we find it more convenient to run it outside the docker environment.
```

Author: I like it!

Author: Though they are not different files. That's why I used a slash instead of ampersand

Author: I've taken your suggestion and modified it a little

The basic gist is:

> 1. Make sure the `web` service is set to use 0 replicas in the
>    `docker-compose.override.yml`/`docker-compose.build.yml` file

Reviewer: I found this section a bit unclear- i would preffer something like this-
```suggestion
1. Make sure only 1 instance of the `web` service is running. Configure the docker variety to run in the `docker-compose.override.yml` & `docker-compose.build.yml` files, or run it outside of docker.
```

Author: This section is only for running it outside of docker, so I'm more leaniant to having it as-is. I'll try to make it clearer though

Author: I've updated it. Take a look now
